the mobile world congress 2014 is at
follow here on 01net tv 25 dollars
it's the cheapest smartphone price
dear to the world and we saw this smartphone
Jerome is a smartphone that
will work that will exist soon thanks
to firefox os and yes we are from here
on the bad firefox stand for
discover the latest advances in this
operating system not like the
others if you want a little bit a little
shot of firefox potions I believe that
that was the smartphone no it was
that's not it at all to push
hair and we met tristan nitot
who is the evangelist of firefox france
and who answers our questions
near rome who has a chinese society
who manufactures silicon announced they
were able to wish in
do everything for a phone
all the chips of a phone in one
single point chip so it reduces the
costs and it goes down to the public price of 25
$ which is just amazing for a
smartphone and at the same time but we
maximizes firefox bones which
allows him to run in
very small configurations by
example a phone like these here and
well it's his 128 megas of memory to
compare an ex us 5 for example the
last google and two gigas of
memory what so
we evoke this step at all in the same
category in terms of resources
necessary to turn the
system we evolved there we are in version
1.3 version 1.1 bring the mms and
then we will soon see the arrival
dual sim the possibility of having two
sim cards in the same phone
as the NFC in the phone and then
improvements or to perfect the
keyboard there
the responsiveness of the application and it's
still to do because we were launched
in 15 different countries with three
different phones
now you have to touch even more
of country so 2014 we want to add 12
new markets there are already four
new phones that have been
presented and who are soon ready to
to be marketed
this one of yet a prototype so
it's not it's not I do not count it
in there then there is alcatel one touch which
is well known French there is zpe
weiwei has just proposed a new
new phone there is vlg
already and so they are growing
many and then after there are those who
come join us for example
panasonic announced that they were doing
that they were going to make televisions
under firefox os then we already have some
apps like that in the cloud we already have
games like cut the rope disney has
signed agreements with us to carry
world which is a very popular game
so it works because the
developers are fed up with developing
several versions one for android one
for ios and then another for windows
he what they want is to write a
alone and sting it works everywhere we are
a non-profit organization it
must be remembered
so we do not have market objectives
or income or whatever that matters
for us it is that the web becomes the
mobile platform par excellence